fix(content): Various Avgi typo fixes (#11018)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/avgi/avgi culture conversations.txt

		random < 3
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`A bright green Avgi wearing a black scarf darts above you towards one of the spaceport terminal gates, a comically oversized burlap sack dangling behind her. A trio of Avgi dressed in bright yellow force their way through a confused crowd in midair, waving batons. "Attention! Stop, thief!"`

Author: ```suggestion
			`A bright green Avgi wearing a black scarf darts above you towards one of the spaceport terminal gates, a comically oversized burlap sack dangling behind her. A trio of Avgi dressed in bright yellow force their way through a confused crowd in mid-air, waving batons. "Attention! Stop, thief!"`
```
